---
layout: minutes
title: Minutes of the Regular Meeting on July 8, 2014
date: 2017-01-30
---
The meeting was held in the Kanata Room in Sobey's, at the SW corner of Hazeldean and Terry Fox 
Drive in Kanata.<BR><BR>The following people were present:<BR><BR>

<DIV style="LEFT: 100px; POSITION: relative">
  <TABLE>
  <TBODY>
<TR>
    <TH>Name</TH>
    <TH>Call Sign</TH>
    <TH>Position</TH>
    <TH>MH Grid</TH>
    <TH>RAC</TH>
    <TH>WCARC</TH>
</TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Doug Leach</TD>
    <TD>VE3XK</TD>
    <TD>Vice President</TD>
    <TD>FN25bf</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
    
<TR>
    <TD> Clare Fowler</TD>
    <TD>VE3NPC</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25dj</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Andy Hart</TD>
    <TD>VE3NVK</TD>
    <TD>Treasurer</TD>
    <TD>FN25bh</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
      <TD>Paul Boltwood</TD>
      <TD>VE3PLE</TD>
      <TD>Member</TD>
      <TD>FN25bj</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
      <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>  
        
<TR>
    <TD>Brian Jeffrey</TD>
    <TD>VA3UU</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN15</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Peter Jago</TD>
    <TD>VA3PJ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ag</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>   
    
<TR>
    <TD>Richard Ferch</TD>
    <TD>VE3KI</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25ce</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Randy Nordlund</TD>
    <TD>VA3NRN</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25vg</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Dave Goodwin</TD>
    <TD>VE3AAQ</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25ek</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>
     
<TR>
    <TD>Clayton Smith</TD>
    <TD>VE3IRR</TD>
    <TD>President</TD>
    <TD>FN25ai</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Ralph Cameron</TD>
    <TD>VE3BBM</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
</TR>
       
<TR>
    <TD>Tyler Tidman</TD>
    <TD>VA3DGN</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Wayne Getchell</TD>
    <TD>VE3CZO</TD>
    <TD>Visitor</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>NO</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
    <TD>Ying Hum</TD>
    <TD>VA3YH</TD>
    <TD>Member</TD>
    <TD>FN25</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
    <TD>YES</TD>
</TR>

<TR>
</TR>
</TBODY></TABLE></DIV>
<BR>
<BR><STRONG>Opening:</STRONG><BR>
The meeting was opened by President Clayton Smith (VE3IRR)at 19:30 hours. 
<BR><BR>

<STRONG>Secretary's Reports</STRONG>
<BR>The secretary was absent and the minutes were presented by the President. A number of corrections were noted. The Minutes were 
approved subject to the changes. Proposed by Doug, VE3XK, and seconded by Randy VE3NRN. Minutes for this meeting were 
taken by Andy (VE3NVK)
<BR><BR>

<STRONG>Treasurer's Report</STRONG>
<BR>Treasurer Andy (VE3NVK) reported that the Club has 20 paid-up members, and funds of $553, after deducting a commitment of $40 for gas paid by 
Glenn (VE3XRA) to Ray (VE3FN) for transportation to the June VHF/UHF event.
<BR><BR>

<STRONG>Vice President's Report</STRONG>
<BR>Vice President Doug (VE3XK)had nothing to report.
<BR><BR>

<STRONG>Director's Report</STRONG>
<BR>Director Bert (VE2ZAZ) was absent.
<BR><BR>

<STRONG>Updates:</STRONG><BR><br>
<STRONG> - Beacons:</STRONG><BR>
There remain some problems with the beacons and they are not yet re-installed. The 70cm module still has an undetermined problem. It is unknown 
if we will be able to keep the previous location. There is a possibility of being relocated to the tower being erected by the OARC at the Diefenbunker.
<BR><BR>

<STRONG> - D-STAR:</STRONG><br>
VA3ODG remains operational. VA3AAR will be taken out of service sometime soon while the site is being rebuilt by the owner.
<BR><BR>

<STRONG>New Business:</STRONG><br>
Doug VE3XK proposed a change to the bylaws with respect to the prior notification of amounts spent under $100. A notification will 
be sent by email to all paid-up members giving them 2 weeks notice that this will be suject to discussion and a vote at the next meeting.
<br><BR>
There were various announcements about upcoming radio events, including that our past President Al (VO1NO) is trying for the first trans-Atlantic 2m 
QSO, a one-way message has been heard to date.


<p><STRONG>Presentation</STRONG> <BR>
Clayton gave us a presentation on recent changes with SDR radios and the GNU radio software. 
</p>

<p><STRONG>Adjournment</STRONG> <BR>
The President stated that there being no further business, the meeting was adjourned at 22:05 hours.
</p>
